[AWSX] feat(docs): update AWS log tag filters to avoid casing confusion (#35063)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/send-aws-services-logs-with-the-datadog-lambda-function.md

3. In the [AWS Integration page][44], select the AWS Account to collect logs from and click on the **Log Collection** tab.
4. In the **Datadog Forwarder Lambda** section, enter the ARN of the Lambda created in the previous section and click **Add**. The Lambda function appears in the table below with its name, version, and region.
5. In the **Log Autosubscription** section, under **Log Sources**, enable the services from which you'd like to collect logs by toggling them on. To stop collecting logs from a particular service, toggle the log source off.

> 6. (Optional) In the **Log Source Tag Filters** section, you can filter log collection by resource tags for each log source. Select a log source from the dropdown menu and add tags in `key:value` format to limit which resources' logs are collected. **Note**: Resource tags are automatically lowercased to match Datadog platform conventions. Define your tag filters in lowercase to avoid mismatches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. (Optional) In the **Log Source Tag Filters** section, you can filter log collection by resource tags for each log source. Select a log source from the dropdown menu and add tags in `key:value` format to limit which resources' logs are collected. **Note**: For best results, define your tag filters in lowercase to avoid mismatches.
```
